fix: improve accuracy of retainDays parameter (#58)
gravitee-io/gravitee-reporter-file: README.adoc

| *1000*

| `retainDays`
| The number of days to retain files before deletion.

> At midnight, files with last updated date older than this delay will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any files with a last updated date older than this retention period are regularly deleted every day at midnight.
```
